

- 



- Korean Language Requirements

In order to enhance the Korean language proficiency of international students, SKKU implements systems including Global Qualification, selection of a major, registration of major-related courses, a double major, limitation in credits to register, etc.

- Global Qualification (Global Pum, TOPIK for graduatation)

International students who were newly admitted to SKKU after 2014, are required to acquire global Qualification(Global pum) for graduation.(Transfer students, students admitted with English test scores and government scholarship students are exempted.)Admission between 2014~2015: TOPIK level 4 or aboveAdmission after 2016: TOPIK level 5 or above.Students can submit their TOPIK certificate to the Office of International Student Services, regardless of its date of expiration. If students already submitted a TOPIK certificate which satisfies the conditions above, they do not need to submit again.

TOPIK certificates should be submitted before: December 30th for students who will graduate in Feb, or June 30th for those graduating in August

- Restrictions on Departmental Admission and Major Course Registration

International students who were newly admitted to SKKU after 2016 are required to submit a Korean language certificate before entering their 2nd academic year. If they fail to meet the requirement, students will be restricted when applying for majors or when registering major courses.
 


Requirement

TOPIK: Level 4 or above
Certificate of Sungkyun Language Institute: Level 4 or above


Submission Deadline

Entering the 2nd academic year in March
(Spring Semester): Dec. 30th
Entering the 2nd academic year in September
(Fall Semester): June 30th


Restriction

-Students admitted to University College: Unable to apply for major
-Students having majors: Unable to register major courses


 
- If students satisfy the requirements after the deadline, the restriction will be removed and students will be eligible to apply for departmental admission or major course registration from the following semester.
- Exclude students who entered SKKU with English test scores and government scholarship students.

- Limits on Applying Multiple Major/Maximum Credits applicable

International students who were admitted through special admission for undergraduate international students after 2016 are required to submit a certificate of Korean proficiency until the end of the 3rd semester. A student who fails to satisfy the requirements shall be restricted from multiple majors and maximum credits applicable(12).
 


Criteria

Requirement



Requirement

TOPIK level 4 or above


Submission deadline

Entering the 4th semester in March(Spring Semester): Dec. 30th
Entering the 4th semester in September Fall Semester): June 30th


Restriction

Limitation in applying for multiple major
Limitation in maximum applicable credits to 12


* Exclude students who entered SKKU with English test scores

- Korean Proficiency Certification for Graduate school students

General Graduate Students admitted via English track must satisfy minimum Korean proficiency before graduation. (Unable to apply for dissertation review and graduate if requirement is unmet)
- Applicants must submit one of the documents below to OISS:
① TOPIK result of level 1 or above
② Certificate of completion of Korean Course in university-affiliated language institute (level 1 or above)
③ Document that proves completion of Korean Language Course(more than 120 hours- free courses provided to students in General Graduate School)

 Free Korean Language course for graduate school students will be provided.
※ Acceptable Range of Korean Language Course: All Online, Off-line Korean Courses are conducted by SLI, central/local governments, Institutions, NGOs.

 How to submit: Challenge Square ‘Service Application’ ->‘ Korean Proficiency Certification_Certificate Submission
